Add new Index advisor user doc (#19867)
pingcap/docs: index-advisor.md

Reviewer: Please add this file to TOC.md

Author: Done, thx

Reviewer: Preview: https://pingcap-docsite-preview-git-preview-pi-affcaa-oreoxmts-projects.vercel.app/tidb/dev/index-advisor

The Index Advisor analyzes queries to identify indexable columns from relevant clauses (for example, `WHERE`, `GROUP BY`, `ORDER BY`) and generates index candidates. Using the Hypo Index feature, it estimates the performance benefits of these candidates and employs a genetic search algorithm to select the optimal set of indexes. This algorithm begins with single-column indexes and iteratively explores multi-column indexes, leveraging a `What-If` analysis to evaluate potential indexes based on their impact on optimizer plan costs. Indexes are recommended if they reduce the overall cost compared to executing queries without them.

In addition to recommending new indexes, TiDB also offers a feature to suggest dropping inactive indexes, ensuring efficient index management.

# Recommend Index command

> The SQL syntax for the new SQL command `Recommend Index` is shown below. The command can be used for a single SQL query (`For` option) or for a workload (`Run` option). The comamnd also supports setting options for subsequent runs of the command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SQL command `RECOMMEND INDEX` is introduced for index advisor tasks.  Sub command `RUN` explores historical workloads and saves the recommendations in system tables. With option `FOR`,  the command targets particular SQL statement even if it was not executed in the past. The command also accepts extra options for advance control. 
```

```sql

> Recommend Index [Run | For <SQL> | <Options>]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recommend Index Run [ For <SQL> ] [<Options>] 
```

```

## Single Query Option

Below is an example of a single query, assuming 5,000 rows in table  `t` (we omit the insert statements for brevity):

```sql
mysql> CREATE TABLE t(a int, b int, c int);

> mysql> RECOMMEND INDEX RUN for "select a, b from t where a=1 and b=1";

Reviewer 2: Does it command accept "\G" as delimiter?  column-style printing improves readability for single output.

Author: Updated.

+----------+-------+------------+---------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+

> | database | table | index_name | index_columns | index_size | reason                                                                                                                           | top_impacted_query                                                                            | create_index_statement          |

Reviewer 2: - If "index_size" is not exact value, better to rename it with "est_index_size". 
- It's recommended to append meaningful string as suffix of index name, so that we are able to understand it's from index advisor. Name conflict can be avoid as well. For example "idx_<col>_<col>_..._<trailing 8 chars in plan digest>

Reviewer 3: index_size is the maximum number of columns an index can have. May be we can rename to reflect that, say "max_index_columns".

Author: The first suggestion has been accepted, but for the second one, it's hard to associate the Index with a specific plan and use the plan digest as the index name since there might be multiple queries affected by this Index.

+----------+-------+------------+---------------+------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+

> | test     | t     | idx_a_b    | a,b           | 19872      | Column [a b] appear in Equal or Range Predicate clause(s) in query: select `a` , `b` from `test` . `t` where `a` = ? and `b` = ? | [{"Query":"SELECT `a`,`b` FROM `test`.`t` WHERE `a` = 1 AND `b` = 1","Improvement":0.999994}] | CREATE INDEX idx_a_b ON t(a,b); |

Reviewer 2: We shall explain how we decide "Improvement" later in this section.

+----+---------------------+---------------------+-------------+------------+------------+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------+-------+
```

## Index Advisor Options

The `RECOMMEND INDEX` syntax supports configuring and displaying options related to the command, as shown below:

```sql
Recommend Index Set <option> = <value>;

> Recommend Index Show;

Reviewer 2: Can we make this "Recommend Index Show Options"? We'd better reserve "Recommend Index Show <object>" for future usage.

Reviewer 3: Agree since it is only used to show options.

| option            | value | description                                             |
+-------------------+-------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| max_num_index     | 5     | The maximum number of indexes to recommend.             |
| max_index_columns | 3     | The maximum number of columns in an index.              |
| max_num_query     | 1000  | The maximum number of queries to recommend indexes.     |
| timeout           | 30s   | The timeout of index advisor.                           |
+-------------------+-------+---------------------------------------------------------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> recommend index set timeout='20s';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)
```

This example shows how users can inspect and update the index advisor's settings to fine-tune its behavior for their workloads.

## Limitations

Here are some current limitations of the index recommendation feature, which we plan to address in the future:
1. It does not support prepared statements, meaning `RECOMMEND INDEX RUN` cannot recommend indexes for queries executed through the `Prepare` and `Execute` protocol.

> 2. It does not provide recommendations for deleting indexes. We need to merge the removing index logic (see below) to the `RECOOEND` comamnd in the future. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. It does not provide recommendations for deleting indexes. We need to merge the removing index logic (see below) to the `RECOMMEND` command in the future. 
```
Typo

3. A UI for the Index Advisor will be available in the future.

# Removing Unused Indexes

> TiDB provides two system views/tables to help users identify inactive indexes in their workload. Users can either mark such indexes as invisible as a transitional state before dropping them or drop them right away. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For v8.0 or higher, TiDB provides two system views/tables to help users identify inactive indexes in their workload. Users can manage to drop these indexes to save the storage and overhead caused.  For online systems, it's highly recommended to make the target indexes invisible and observe the impact for one business cycle before dropping them completely. 
```

## View sys.schema_unused_indexes

> The `sys.schema_unused_indexes` view identifies indexes that have not been used since the startup of all TiDB instances. The view is defined based on system tables that have schema, table and column information. The view provides the full specification for the index including index, table and schema names. Users can query this view and decide on making indexes invisible or deleting them. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`sys.schema_unused_indexes`](/sys-schema/sys-schema-unused-indexes.md) view identifies indexes that have not been used since the startup of all TiDB instances. The view is defined based on system tables that have schema, table and column information. The view provides the full specification for the index including index, table and schema names. Users can query this view and decide on making indexes invisible or deleting them. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

> **Warning:**
>
> As this view shows the unused indexes since last startup of all TiDB instances, please make sure the TiDB instances are alive long enough. Otherwise, it could show false candidates in case certain workloads are not included. 

```

## View information_schema.tidb_index_usage

This table provides metrics like access patterns, last access time, and rows accessed. Below, we show SQL query recommendations on how to identify unused or inefficient indexes based on this table. 

```sql
-- Find indexes that haven't been accessed recently
SELECT table_schema, table_name, index_name, last_access_time
FROM information_schema.cluster_tidb_index_usage
WHERE last_access_time IS NULL
  OR last_access_time < NOW() - INTERVAL 30 DAY;

> -- Find indexes with low efficiency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- Find the indexes that are always scanned with over 50% of total records. 
```

SELECT table_schema, table_name, index_name,
       query_total, rows_access_total,
       percentage_access_0 as full_table_scans
FROM information_schema.cluster_tidb_index_usage
WHERE last_access_time IS NOT NULL AND percentage_access_0 + percentage_access_0_1 + percentage_access_1_10 + percentage_access_10_20 + percentage_access_20_50 = 0;
```

> Users should be aware that the data in `tidb_index_usage` may be delayed by up to 5 minutes, and the usage data is reset whenever a TiDB node restarts. Additionally, index usage is only recorded if the table has valid statistics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> Users should be aware that the data in `tidb_index_usage` may be delayed by up to 5 minutes, and the usage data is reset whenever a TiDB node restarts. Additionally, index usage is only recorded if the table has valid statistics.
```

mysql> RECOMMEND INDEX RUN for "select a, b from t where a=1 and b=1"\G
*************************** 1. row ***************************
              database: test
                 table: t
            index_name: idx_a_b
         index_columns: a,b
        est_index_size: 0
                reason: Column [a b] appear in Equal or Range Predicate clause(s) in query: select `a` , `b` from `test` . `t` where `a` = ? and `b` = ?
    top_impacted_query: [{"Query":"SELECT `a`,`b` FROM `test`.`t` WHERE `a` = 1 AND `b` = 1","Improvement":0.999994}]
create_index_statement: CREATE INDEX idx_a_b ON t(a,b);
```

The Index Advisor evaluates single-column indexes on `a` and `b` separately and ultimately combines them into a single index for optimal performance.

The following `EXPLAIN` results compare the query execution without indexes and with the recommended two-column hypothetical index. The Index Advisor internally evaluates both cases and selects the option with the lowest cost. The search space also includes single-column hypothetical indexes on `a` and `b`, but these do not provide better performance than the combined two-column index. For brevity, the execution plans are omitted.

> 

Author: I removed the term "search space"

- `max_num_query`: specifies the maximum number of queries to select from the statement summary workload.

To check your current option settings, use the `RECOMMEND INDEX SHOW` command:

```sql
mysql> RECOMMEND INDEX SHOW OPTION;
+-------------------+-------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| option            | value | description                                             |
+-------------------+-------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| max_num_index     | 5     | The maximum number of indexes to recommend.             |
| max_index_columns | 3     | The maximum number of columns in an index.              |
| max_num_query     | 1000  | The maximum number of queries to recommend indexes.     |
| timeout           | 30s   | The timeout of index advisor.                           |
+-------------------+-------+---------------------------------------------------------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

To modify an option, use the `RECOMMEND INDEX SET` command. For example, to change the `timeout` option:

```sql
mysql> RECOMMEND INDEX SET timeout='20s';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)
```

### Limitations

> The index recommendation feature has the following limitations, which will be addressed in future releases:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The index recommendation feature has the following limitations:
```

> - It does not support prepared statements. The `RECOMMEND INDEX RUN` command cannot recommend indexes for queries executed through the `Prepare` and `Execute` protocol.
> - It does not provide recommendations for deleting indexes. Future updates will include logic for [removing indexes](#remove-unused-indexes) in the `RECOMMEND` command.
> - A user interface (UI) for the Index Advisor is not yet available but will be introduced in the future.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Currently, it does not support [prepared statements](/develop/dev-guide-prepared-statement.md)[Prepared Statements](/develop/dev-guide-prepared-statement.md). The `RECOMMEND INDEX RUN` statement cannot recommend indexes for queries executed through the `Prepare` and `Execute` protocol.
- Currently, it does not provide recommendations for deleting indexes.
- Currently, a user interface (UI) for the Index Advisor is not yet available.
```

Reviewer 4: If no specific customer requirements, can we remove them to avoid any future promises? 

https://developers.google.cn/style/future

Avoid trying to document future features or products, even in innocuous ways. Don't pre-announce anything in documentation unless it has been approved by your legal counsel.

## Remove unused indexes

> For v8.0.0 or later versions, you can identify inactive indexes in your workload using `sys.schema_unused_indexes` and `information_schema.tidb_index_usage`. Removing these indexes can save storage space and reduce overhead. For production systems, it is highly recommended to make the target indexes invisible first and observe the impact for one complete business cycle before permanently removing them.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For v8.0.0 or later versions, you can identify inactive indexes in your workload using [`schema_unused_indexes`](/sys-schema/sys-schema-unused-indexes.md) and [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md). Removing these indexes can save storage space and reduce overhead. For production environments, it is highly recommended to make the target indexes invisible first and observe the impact for one complete business cycle before permanently removing them.
```

### Use `sys.schema_unused_indexes`

The [`sys.schema_unused_indexes`](/sys-schema/sys-schema-unused-indexes.md) view identifies indexes that have not been used since the last startup of all TiDB instances. This view, based on system tables containing schema, table, and column information, provides the full specification for each index, including schema, table, and index names. You can query this view to decide which indexes to make invisible or delete.

> **Warning:**
>
> Because the `sys.schema_unused_indexes` view shows unused indexes since the last startup of all TiDB instances, ensure that the TiDB instances have been running long enough. Otherwise, the view might show false candidates if certain workloads have not yet run. Use the following SQL query to identify the uptime of all TiDB instances.
>
> ```sql
> SELECT START_TIME,UPTIME FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CLUSTER_INFO WHERE TYPE='tidb';
> ```

> ### Use `information_schema.tidb_index_usage`
> 
> The [`information_schema.tidb_index_usage`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md) table provides metrics such as selectivity buckets, last access time, and rows accessed. The following examples show queries to identify unused or inefficient indexes based on this table:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Use `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`

The [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md) table provides metrics such as selectivity buckets, last access time, and rows accessed. The following examples show queries to identify unused or inefficient indexes based on this table:
```

> 

Reviewer 4: The `CLUSTER_TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` table is used in the following examples, while  the`TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` table is mentioned before the examples. Can we use one of them consistently?

Author: Updated, PTAL

```sql
-- Find indexes that have not been accessed in the last 30 days.
SELECT table_schema, table_name, index_name, last_access_time
FROM information_schema.cluster_tidb_index_usage
WHERE last_access_time IS NULL
  OR last_access_time < NOW() - INTERVAL 30 DAY;

-- Find indexes that are consistently scanned with over 50% of total records.
SELECT table_schema, table_name, index_name,
       query_total, rows_access_total,
       percentage_access_0 as full_table_scans
FROM information_schema.cluster_tidb_index_usage
WHERE last_access_time IS NOT NULL AND percentage_access_0 + percentage_access_0_1 + percentage_access_1_10 + percentage_access_10_20 + percentage_access_20_50 = 0;
```

> **Note:**
>

> > The data in `tidb_index_usage` might be delayed by up to five minutes, and the usage data is reset whenever a TiDB node restarts. Additionally, index usage is only recorded if the table has valid statistics.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> The data in `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` might be delayed by up to five minutes, and the usage data is reset whenever a TiDB node restarts. Additionally, index usage is only recorded if the table has valid statistics.
```

## Hypothetical indexes

> Hypothetical indexes (Hypo Indexes) are created using SQL comments, similar to [query hints](/optimizer-hints.md), rather than through the `CREATE INDEX` command. This approach enables lightweight experimentation with indexes without the overhead of physically materializing them.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Hypothetical indexes (Hypo Indexes) are created using SQL comments, similar to [query hints](/optimizer-hints.md), rather than through the `CREATE INDEX` statement. This approach enables lightweight experimentation with indexes without the overhead of physically materializing them.
```

> For example, the comment `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */` instructs the query planner to create a hypothetical index named `idx_ab` on table `t` for columns `a` and `b`. The planner generates the index's metadata but does not physically materialize it. If applicable, the planner considers this hypothetical index during query optimization without incurring the costs associated with index creation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For example, the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */` comment instructs the query planner to create a hypothetical index named `idx_ab` on table `t` for columns `a` and `b`. The planner generates the index's metadata but does not physically materialize it. If applicable, the planner considers this hypothetical index during query optimization without incurring the costs associated with index creation.
```

> The `RECOMMEND INDEX` advisor uses hypothetical indexes for "What-If" analysis to evaluate potential benefits of different indexes. You can also use hypothetical indexes directly to experiment with index designs before committing to their creation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `RECOMMEND INDEX` advisor uses hypothetical indexes for "What-If" analysis to evaluate potential benefits of different indexes. You can also use hypothetical indexes directly to experiment with index designs before proceeding to create them.
```

The following example shows a query using a hypothetical index:

```sql

> mysql> CREATE TABLE t(a int, b int, c int);
> Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.02 sec)
> 
> mysql> explain format='verbose' select a, b from t where a=1 and b=1;
> +-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+
> | id                      | estRows  | estCost    | task      | access object | operator info                    |
> +-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+
> | TableReader_7           | 0.01     | 392133.42  | root      |               | data:Selection_6                 |
> | └─Selection_6           | 0.01     | 5882000.00 | cop[tikv] |               | eq(test.t.a, 1), eq(test.t.b, 1) |
> |   └─TableFullScan_5     | 10000.00 | 4884000.00 | cop[tikv] | table:t       | keep order:false, stats:pseudo   |
> +-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+
> 
> mysql> explain format='verbose' select /*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */ a, b from t where a=1 and b=1;

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
CREATE TABLE t(a INT, b INT, c INT);
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.02 sec)

EXPLAIN FORMAT='verbose' SELECT a, b FROM t WHERE a=1 AND b=1;
+-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+
| id                      | estRows  | estCost    | task      | access object | operator info                    |
+-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+
| TableReader_7           | 0.01     | 392133.42  | root      |               | data:Selection_6                 |
| └─Selection_6           | 0.01     | 5882000.00 | cop[tikv] |               | eq(test.t.a, 1), eq(test.t.b, 1) |
|   └─TableFullScan_5     | 10000.00 | 4884000.00 | cop[tikv] | table:t       | keep order:false, stats:pseudo   |
+-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+

EXPLAIN FORMAT='verbose' SELECT /*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */ a, b FROM t WHERE a=1 AND b=1;
```

| max_index_columns | 3     | The maximum number of columns in an index.              |
| max_num_query     | 1000  | The maximum number of queries to recommend indexes.     |
| timeout           | 30s   | The timeout of index advisor.                           |
+-------------------+-------+---------------------------------------------------------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

To modify an option, use the `RECOMMEND INDEX SET` statement. For example, to change the `timeout` option:

```sql
RECOMMEND INDEX SET timeout='20s';
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)
```

### Limitations

The index recommendation feature has the following limitations:

- It does not support prepared statements. The `RECOMMEND INDEX RUN` command cannot recommend indexes for queries executed through the `Prepare` and `Execute` protocol.
- It does not provide recommendations for deleting indexes. Future updates will include logic for [removing indexes](#remove-unused-indexes) in the `RECOMMEND` command.
- A user interface (UI) for the Index Advisor is not yet available but will be introduced in the future.

## Remove unused indexes

> For v8.0.0 or later versions, you can identify inactive indexes in your workload using [`schema_unused_indexes`](/sys-schema/sys-schema-unused-indexes.md) and [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md). Removing these indexes can save storage space and reduce overhead. For production environments, it is highly recommended to make the target indexes invisible first and observe the impact for one complete business cycle before permanently removing them.

Author: ```suggestion
For v8.0.0 or later versions, you can identify inactive indexes in your workload using [`schema_unused_indexes`](/sys-schema/sys-schema-unused-indexes.md) and [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CLUSTER_TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md). Removing these indexes can save storage space and reduce overhead. For production environments, it is highly recommended to make the target indexes invisible first and observe the impact for one complete business cycle before permanently removing them.
```

### Use `sys.schema_unused_indexes`

The [`sys.schema_unused_indexes`](/sys-schema/sys-schema-unused-indexes.md) view identifies indexes that have not been used since the last startup of all TiDB instances. This view, based on system tables containing schema, table, and column information, provides the full specification for each index, including schema, table, and index names. You can query this view to decide which indexes to make invisible or delete.

> **Warning:**
>
> Because the `sys.schema_unused_indexes` view shows unused indexes since the last startup of all TiDB instances, ensure that the TiDB instances have been running long enough. Otherwise, the view might show false candidates if certain workloads have not yet run. Use the following SQL query to identify the uptime of all TiDB instances.
>
> ```sql
> SELECT START_TIME,UPTIME FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CLUSTER_INFO WHERE TYPE='tidb';
> ```

> ### Use `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`

Author: ```suggestion
### Use `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CLUSTER_TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`
```

> The [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md) table provides metrics such as selectivity buckets, last access time, and rows accessed. The following examples show queries to identify unused or inefficient indexes based on this table:

Author: ```suggestion
The [`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CLUSTER_TIDB_INDEX_USAGE`](/information-schema/information-schema-tidb-index-usage.md) table provides metrics such as selectivity buckets, last access time, and rows accessed. The following examples show queries to identify unused or inefficient indexes based on this table:
```

```sql
-- Find indexes that have not been accessed in the last 30 days.
SELECT table_schema, table_name, index_name, last_access_time
FROM information_schema.cluster_tidb_index_usage
WHERE last_access_time IS NULL
  OR last_access_time < NOW() - INTERVAL 30 DAY;

-- Find indexes that are consistently scanned with over 50% of total records.
SELECT table_schema, table_name, index_name,
       query_total, rows_access_total,
       percentage_access_0 as full_table_scans
FROM information_schema.cluster_tidb_index_usage
WHERE last_access_time IS NOT NULL AND percentage_access_0 + percentage_access_0_1 + percentage_access_1_10 + percentage_access_10_20 + percentage_access_20_50 = 0;
```

> **Note:**
>

> > The data in `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` might be delayed by up to five minutes, and the usage data is reset whenever a TiDB node restarts. Additionally, index usage is only recorded if the table has valid statistics.

Author: ```suggestion
> The data in `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.CLUSTER_TIDB_INDEX_USAGE` might be delayed by up to five minutes, and the usage data is reset whenever a TiDB node restarts. Additionally, index usage is only recorded if the table has valid statistics.
```

|   └─TableFullScan_5     | 10000.00 | 4884000.00 | cop[tikv] | table:t       | keep order:false, stats:pseudo   |
+-------------------------+----------+------------+-----------+---------------+----------------------------------+

EXPLAIN FORMAT='verbose' SELECT /*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */ a, b FROM t WHERE a=1 AND b=1;
+------------------------+---------+---------+-----------+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| id                     | estRows | estCost | task      | access object               | operator info                                   |
+------------------------+---------+---------+-----------+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| IndexReader_6          | 0.10    | 2.20    | root      |                             | index:IndexRangeScan_5                          |
| └─IndexRangeScan_5     | 0.10    | 20.35   | cop[tikv] | table:t, index:idx_ab(a, b) | range:[1 1,1 1], keep order:false, stats:pseudo |
+------------------------+---------+---------+-----------+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
```

> In this example, the `HYPO_INDEX` hint specifies a hypothetical index. Using this index reduces the estimated cost from `392133.42` to `2.20` by enabling an index range scan (`IndexRangeScan`) instead of a full table scan (`TableFullScan`).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In this example, the `HYPO_INDEX` comment specifies a hypothetical index. Using this index reduces the estimated cost from `392133.42` to `2.20` by enabling an index range scan (`IndexRangeScan`) instead of a full table scan (`TableFullScan`).
```
